# OpenVideo
Open Source Social Media Platform with digital privacy, minimal data collection, and integrity. Making connections maintaining security and privacy, but allowing the connections our culture has become interdependant on. This, Is something that, Is so important we just dont know it yet. 
This is the Plan. 
I have begun development with python on back end video streaming protocols from other repositories and methods to the best of my ability. I want to find a good solid crew, setup a discord. The idea here is to build a social media platform that empowers the people. Not a mark zucker meta greed scheme, Not a Twitter(Though Elons okay) I want a platform where people can freely express themself and use it to connect both, Parties, and videos using the idea of an algorythym which functions by connecting most viewed, most liked, previously viewed more then once, and cycle through a list of object characteristics, and use one web server, which sends commands and functions with a small built in sql server that is updated via the web server instead of using the server to cross reference and draw from, each instance of the program will be a lightweight application, which has, chat, video chat, and short content creation clips but also, a feature i plan to call party chat, which will implement a function which connects multiple streaming instances at once, This will allow individuals to use the program to use on a large screen and cycle users connecting parties, but can also have a built in function which allows directions to be shared, requested or posted, by the users and makes it convenient for users to connect via parties. This to me, is an impeccable idea, in drawing the younger crowd attraction, while also providing a secure way to do this, we need to collaborate and make an open source, open development transparent social media platform, for data collection, it will be based off actions and most frequented actions, we will not use complex marketing algorythyms, but will provide multiple avenues for connections that link into one, so it will be similar to other larger corporate platforms, this will also advocate for user privacy so it will provide a self hosted remotely fed instance and function as a micro server on each instance, which recieves its query commands from a web server upon authentication, Im not an experienced developer, Still in college, So. If some people with experience have better ideas, or can guide this better, Ive done my best, But i think the best solution to alot of the things we have going on with data and privacy, is for us all to work together, make it open source, transparent and a self hosted instance that doesnt require large architecture but holds and updates regularly, and regularly reduces file size and interacts with ram to produce queries and other cache interactions. But if this isnt possible, If we get enough momentum and kick this forward there will be a great kickstarter. 
